hey guys should to say welcome back to a
quick Gears of War Ultimate Edition
basic gameplay video for you guys we've
literally got about five or ten minutes
before the beta finishes and just in
case I do ever want to upload it i want
to share with you guys my personal Gears
of War Ultimate Edition statistics where
I can view my steps I'm going to quickly
take a little brief video looking out
all of my stats that I got while playing
the ultimate edition beta now i don't
know if i'm gonna upload this or not but
just for future reference just in case i
want to i want to quickly recall my
stats before i can never look at that at
them again when the beta finishes as you
can see i got to level 42 if i didn't
have to record videos if i didn't have
to work if i could be just like i was in
school i would have probably been a lot
more higher so he got a level 42 42 42
overall killed a free show 3.34 pretty
decent win lost 6.2 Oh could have been
slightly higher if I had better
teammates and I personally made some bad
decisions in games I know that we
actually have 50 as it was up without
550 9440 XP is that overall that into
the level I think that may be over also
half a million XP that's also 155 wins
twenty five losses nearly 200 matches
played well as do we have here we got
Nick just over 3,000 kills just nine
hundred deaths exactly 63 revives that
could be a little bit higher 428 downs
368 or cute of my kills being headshots
so that is one I don't know how this
stats works like King in here why didn't
we play that much 40 wins nine losses 56
and total played 90 rounds 1 28 rounds
lost seven drawers 1183 kills in king of
the hill as you can see there's a rest
of the stats TDM or team deathmatches of
game mode i played the most full
gameplay for you guys 115 matches played
16 lost I mean 115 140 played rounds 1 2
3 4 rounds lost 44 round score and ten
kills 1800
92 defs 463 revives 30 downs 217 and 245
of my kills in team deathmatch were from
headshots weapon multiplayer so we got
110 kills of the boom shot nearly 400
with the talk boat us insane as you guys
know that is my favorite power weapon to
use 110 snub pistol kills that's quite
high maybe 200 long shot kills I've
pretty decent for not being a very good
sniper hammer adorned kills Faye 9 not
that many that's alright grenade kills
21 they aren't really that powerful in
this game NASA shotgun kills of course
just over 2015 bolt or kills I don't
know anything I only picked it up once
for the gameplay video 42 Lancer kills
10 hammer burst kills long short active
reloj kills 50 nasha shotgun Gibb kills
724 so seven hundred and let's say 730
of my 2,000 nasha kills were actually
Gibbs so you actually get lots of downs
with the nasher melee kills 203 I think
that's when you execute them as well
grenade tags one have chainsaws to and
curb stomps 50 multiplayer matt is 1 155
for think we've looked at all of this
already there you go guys so that it's
just a quick brief video looking out all
of my ultimate edition beta stats please
make sure to leave me a comment down
below if you remember if you took a
screenshot what was your level What
Katie Did you have and what was your
wind loss I'd love to hear from every
single one of you guys my viewers let me
know in the comment section below what
level did you reach what killed afraid
you did you acquire and as well what
win-loss are caught we and what win-loss
ratio did you acquire as debate it came
to an end has been an amazing experience
a calm way for the final game here's my
gears of war ultimate edition beta
completes multiplayer stats for you guys
make sure to give the video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it subscribe if you
aren't already plenty of gameplay coming
out on the channel from yesterday today
and into the future thanks for watching
and as always I shall see you in the
next one
um